* * *

layout: post
title: "Hello, old foe"
date: "2019-02-07 13:57:01 +0000"

## category: journal

> Hello Darkness, my old friend
>
> \-- Initial verse from "Sound of Silence" by Simon and Garfunkel

During the last few days, I've been struggling once again. Crippling anxiety
binding me to the depths of hell. Today, I awoke in pure panic, for no reason.
Had a nightmare, but nothing too impressive. Stayed in bed, for a couple more
hours, completely paralyzed.

I withdrew from the tournament. It was taking a toll on my body and mind.
Yesterday, the non gentleman I faced, told the arbiter I was cheating. It made
me spiral out of control. It was a pretty strong sign. It was time to stop.

It's a new day. I lost again yesterday. Blundered a completely beautiful
position. It was beautiful. Made me smile, and still does. On the other hand,
the whole affair made me aware of my weakness. Frankly, I should be more
controlled by now, but I guess not.

It's a new day, and there things to get done. I'm not leaving, until all is said
and done. It's why I'm writing this for now. To hold me accountable, and make me
not run from my responsibility. I've been very lenient towards myself, for the
last couple weeks.

However, I still fail to appreciate these little spirits that push pieces. Know
they not of beauty, and art within chess? The sheer elegance of thought on the
board is enough to make me mesmerized. Although I'm pretty sensitive to
mathematical beauty, I'd think these brutes would enjoy it. I guess not. They
are more of the binary kind of people, like many around the world.

Unlike the idiot Homer Simpson, that was obsessed about art, in that episode,
they seem completely unfazed by it. I pity them. They know not the beauty of
what is in front of them.

Hence, I've come to retire from competitive chess for the time being. I estimate
that my return won't come to be before summer. I've said this before, but today
it's a very different context. I've responsibilities to other people.
