---
layout: post
title: "Reboot"
date: "2021-08-19 18:16:09 +0100"
category: journal
---

Rebooting my blog, as my old content was mostly the ramblings on the tales of 0x3E9 bugs that is my
life. Trying to be more productive towards society. This rebirth comes from a time of crisis,
whilst all the evils in the world appear to triumph.

Look at Afghanistan, my country's slow descent into fascism amidst the COVID-19 crisis, and so much
more. People got cabin fever, and whence restrictions were relaxed, the world has gone awry. Yes,
we still use masks, but how many parties have you been going to?

Myself, none, but time plays against me. The suffering and angst, the broken faith and outrage have
given place to a quiet, yet steamy, complacency. Yes, I myself am still human, and the lid gets
shot through the stars, from time to time, but it's getting less frequent.

---

**What I mean?**

Spent some hellish months, on a downward spiral and close to burnout. Last time was today, but the
previous one was like a month before. For a functional human being, under tons of pressure, it's
actually pretty good.

---

**On how to keep sanity(or give a semblance of what sanity looks like)**

Got myself a really fun book from my past. It was written by an old professor of mine. It's by a
Portuguese man in Portuguese, and should you not read the language try to petition a
translation. He'd like that, I like to think.

The book is "Puzzles com História" by Joaquim Eurico Nogueira.

<https://mbooks.pt/puzzles-com-historia.html>

Playing around with riddles and puzzles helps the mind get calm.
I'll be writing about it here.
