---
layout: post
title: "22"
date: "2023-09-11 15:17:23 +0100"
tags: 'journal'
lang: en
---

It's not 23, but 22 years since 9/11. Two planes crashed against the
twin towers, in New York City, another in the pentagon, and another didn't
reach its destination.

It was earlier this morning that it hit me. There are adults nowadays,
or rather children who are in the 18-22 gap, that weren't born or have living
memory of this historic event. Curious days were those, in which I, a child,
trembled and felt restrictions from this event.

At the very least it was real, can't say the same about many other so called
crisis. Or was it really? Instead of addressing the underlying issues
surrounding this so called wave of terrorism, the powers simply invaded a
bunch of countries. Some of these were adversarial to the so called
organization that carried the attacks, and didn't invade an almost openly
supportive one.

> Yes, I see you Pakistan.

It's rather precious of these so called moralists to talk about terrorism,
amidst a single attack that, unfortunately, took the lives of some 3.5
thousand people. The consequences of the retaliation were amidst several
millions.

Europe had several terrorist organizations,
which had their fair share of "collateral damage". These would at least rival
the so called Islamists. Ask any European about those, and more times than
not, they aren't even properly aware of them.

Even Portugal had some. My small paradise had terrorists. Well, even many of
the rather distasteful sort went into hiding here.

[FP25] Were a rather curious one, or the "[Brigadas Revolucionárias]" a kind
of predecessor. Well, there are for certain many that I either don't know or
don't remember.

Propaganda is an adorable thing. Ideology permeates everything, even your
eyes and mind have its taint. Think about it. Isn't everyone a democrat, until
their arguments falter or they lose the elections?

Got to love "democracy".

[FP25]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For%C3%A7as_Populares_25_de_Abril
[Brigadas Revolucionárias]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brigadas_Revolucion%C3%A1rias
